=== ABOUT ANTONIA ===

Antonia is an original Poser figure by Olaf Delgado-Friedrichs
(Antonia.Polygon@gmail.com or odf at renderosity.com) with
contributions from phantom3D and MikeJ.

Antonia was created using Wings3D, Poser and DAZ Studio, as well as a
number of home-made software tools. Since October 2008, the
development of the figure has been documented and discussed in the
Poser forum at Renderosity (http://www.renderosity.com), and the
project owes a lot to the continuing feedback and support of the
Renderosity community.

For further information and free content, visit these sites:

Home page:    http://sites.google.com/site/antoniapolygon
Wiki:         http://www.renderosity.com/mod/rrwiki/index.php/Antonia
Free content: http://www.bluecho4u3d.com/Antonia

=== ABOUT THIS RELEASE (VERSION 0.9.127) ===

This is a development release, but well on the way to a stable
version.  What that means is that as an end user, you might not find
everything you'd expect from a full-fledged Poser figure right in this
package. Some of these may be available in separate packages from
contributors to the project, or may not yet be available at all. As a
developer, it means that there is still a small risk that there will
be changes on the way to Version 1.0 which will require you to update
your content.

Unlike previous releases, this one does not contain any contributed
textures or morphs. Please watch
http://sites.google.com/site/antoniapolygon/ for future versions and
additional content.

Currently, only Poser 6 and later are supported. The base figure
should however work fine with Poser 4 and most software that can
accept Poser 4 content.

If you redistribute this work in unmodified or modified form, it is
highly recommended that you keep in touch with the original creators.
Also, if you create any published or commercial content based on this
work, we would be thrilled to hear about it.

=== LICENSING ===

This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0
Unported License. To view a copy of this license, visit
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/ or send a letter to
Creative Commons, 171 Second Street, Suite 300, San Francisco,
California, 94105, USA.

=== WHAT THE LICENSE MEANS ===

(DISCLAIMER: The following is not a license and has no legal
implications. It is simply a human-readable expression of the
key-terms of the license.  It is based on the license deed as provided
by Creative Commons under the URL
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0, with a modification in the
last sentence.)

You are free:

    * to Share — to copy, distribute and transmit the work
    * to Remix — to adapt the work

Under the following conditions:

    * Attribution — You must attribute the work in the manner
      specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that
      suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).

With the understanding that:

    * Waiver — Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get
      permission from the copyright holder.
    * Other Rights — In no way are any of the following rights
      affected by the license:
          o Your fair dealing or fair use rights;
          o The author's moral rights;
          o Rights other persons may have either in the work itself or
            in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy
            rights.
    * Notice — For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to
      others the license terms of this work. The best way to do this
      is by including a copy of this file or a link to Antonia's
      homepage at http://sites.google.com/site/antoniapolygon/.
